[Doc] Add more steps to getting started tutorial (#206)
liqotech/liqo: docs/pages/User/GettingStarted/further-steps.md

---
title: Deploy a sample application
weight: 4
---

> So far, we tested Liqo with a simple nginx container, but Liqo can be used with more complex micr-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, we tested Liqo with a simple nginx container, but Liqo can be used with more complex microservices.
```

##  Test with micro-services application

We can test Liqo using a sample microservices application provided by [Google](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo):

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/LiqoTech/microservices-demo/blob/master/release/kubernetes-manifests.yaml -n test-liqo
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can play with the commands presented in the [test](test) section in order to force the scheduling of the different pods in the local/remote cluster, and see that everything works smoothly.
```

```
NAME                TYPE           CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP       PORT(S)        AGE
frontend-external   LoadBalancer   10.96.8.220   xxx.yyy.zzz.www   80:32233/TCP   15m
```

In case the `EXTERNAL-IP` field is characterized by a `<pending>` value, on the other hand, you are probably using a bare metal cluster (i.e. not managed by an IaaS platform such as GCP, AWS, Azure, ...) and lacking a Load Balancer implementation.

Still, you have two alternatives to access the demo application:
1. Leverage the `NodePort` (e.g. 32233 in the previous example), which can be accessed using the IP address of any of the physical servers of your home cluster;
2. Leverage `kubectl port-forward` to forward the requests from your local machine (i.e. `http://localhost:8080`) to the frontend service:
   ```bash
   kubectl port-forward -n liqo-demo service/frontend-external 8080:80
   ```

> **Clean-up**: If you want to delete the deployed example, just issue:
> ```bash
> kubectl delete -f https://github.com/liqotech/microservices-demo/blob/master/release/kubernetes-manifests.yaml -n liqo-demo

> > ```

Reviewer: Wouldn't be possible to kill some pods, see if it is scheduled on the other cluster, and see that everything works smoothly? This would be an impressive demo for me.

Author: We can't force rescheduling on a specific node, but we can definitely show that upon deletion the pod is rescheduled.
